# Specification
## Elevator Pitch
Do you have expenses? Savings goals? Need help budgeting but can't find a simple, easy to use, and free budgeting tool? We can help!

## Key Features
The first page the user sees is the login/create an account screen. This way everyone's personal information is kept secure. The next screen displays the users pi chart, which is a clear and simple visualization of their finances. From here, users can edit their income, add new expenses, specify an amount or percentage of their income to allocate to each expense, and edit current expenses. The pi chart can be specified to display for a certain period of time. This can be monthly, bi-weekly, weekly, depending on the users preferences. There is also a feature that allows the user to input a savings goal, specify the time in which they want to acheive that goal, and the program will track their progress for them and allocate the appropriate budget in order to acheive that goal.

## Technologies
### Authentication
The default screen is the login screen, because the information the user puts in is private, they must login before viewing their pi chart. The program will associate the users data with a username and password created by the user.
### Database Data
Certain data will need to be stored after the user exits the program. This includes income and budget allotments for various expenses.
### WebSocket data:
There is also data that will need to be generated by the program for the user to see. The savings goal calculator will use WebSocket data to calculate and return data on the progress the user has made towards their savings goals.
